1. Build Pangenomes with different tools using all high-quality complete genomes:
    ggCaller (Protein)
    BAKTA + Panaroo (Protein)
    Bifrost (ccDBGs)
    CuttleFish2	(ccDBGs)
    Pangraph (MSA)
    Others (?)

2. Evaluate tools based on:
    a- Graphs caracteristics:
	1- Nr. of nodes
	2- Length of nodes
	3- Nr. edges
	4- Nr. of nodes with different degrees
	5- Other metrics to evaluate and compare complexity of graphs

    b-Computing metrics: Time and memory consumed by each tool
    c-For tools that annotate genes:
	1. Is gene syntenty retained correctly?- QUESTION: Syntenty for tools that use DNA? Maybe align the path thru the graph to the original genome.
	2. Do gene clusters frequently contain paralogs (FP) or miss true genes (FNs)? - GOLD standard? 	
    d-Is it even possible to recover each sequence as an individual path?
	
3. Querying the graph with short-read data:
	The idea is to re-build a highly reliable pangeome graph with a subset of complete genomes. Then, with the remaining set of genomes,'
        try to query (or add) with short-read assemblies.
    a. SELECT TOOLS: Panaroo, Graphaligner, ggcaller, graphite, graphaligner, minigraph, minimap2(?), OTHERS(?)
    b. When adding the short-read assembled genomes:
	1. Does gene- or DNA-syntenty retains?
           i. GOLD standard for GENE syntenty. Orginally annotated complete genome.
           ii. GOLD standard for DNA syntenty. Has to be defined how. (maybe using a variation graph, so you use the complete genome as reference, and align the path thru the pangenome graph to it)
    c. What happens to gene anntoations? When comparing to the original complete genome, do we get more fake genes (FP) or do we miss genes (FNs)?
    d. Are there some particular genomes that present more difficulties to query?
	1. Related to high number of repeated elements // assembly quality // other

    e. Is there a long-read selection strategy for the genomes? 
	a- Selecting a random subset of genomes to build the graph.
	b- Based on phylogy and accessory genome composition.
